The Forge is an RPG game about mining,
forging, and fighting. And it has
completely taken Roblox by a storm.
Yeah, at the time I'm recording this, it
it has 300,000 players. So, I decided to
jump in as a complete noob and spend the
next 24 hours in the forge. And my goals
are to get some of the strongest axes,
armors, and weapons, and also mine some
extremely rare materials. But most
importantly, to find out if it's
actually worth the hype. Let's dive in.
Okay, we are in right here. And oh, are
we starting off with a tutorial,
brother? This game looks [music]
absolutely gorgeous. What? Hey, look.
It's Grandpa Gojo right here. A sensei
moral. Hm. A new spirit in the village.
Good. We need a Wait, I didn't even
finish. I can't read that fast. If ready
you are, then we can finally start this
introduction. Why is bro talking like
Yoda? Okay, let's start. Yeah, you will
gather ores and forge your own equipment
here. Otherwise, the creatures out there
will give you a lesson. basics. You
shall start. Hm. It will expand far when
the forge starts. Take this little pouch
of gold. A humble. Okay, dude. Let me
read. Okay, looks like he's giving us an
old axe. Are you sure you're not
teaching us a cursed technique, bro? I'd
rather know infinity than to hold an old
axe. Oh, wait. Wait. We get races in
this game, too. You'll say less. Okay.
If we're going to be taking this game
seriously, I think we got to go for one
of the rarest races, right? So, I'm
currently a human. I mean, I'm a human
in real life and it really isn't that
nice. So, let's go ahead and try to roll
for the angel or demon. We get three
spins. Come on. Come on. Imagine we beam
this right at the start. How do you
change a race from a human to a human?
That doesn't even make sense.
Dragon born. I just saw dragon born,
dude. Okay, we got elf, which is the
second most common race. Unacceptable.
Absolutely not. And we're back to being
human. Okay, how much for rerolls? Oh,
these are expensive, guys. All right,
let's go for 10 of these. Okay, we got
goblin, aka what vendulli looks like.
>> What did I do?
>> Okay, not good enough. Come on. Come on.
Ooh, shadow. Oh, here are some stats,
too. Look, we get plus 15% movement
speed, a plus 10% [music] attack speed,
plus 10% stamina, plus 5% physical
damage, and minus [music] 10% health.
And we also get the phantom step. Yo,
this game goes deep, man. There's so
much stuff to do. Upon taking damage,
there's a 15% chance to turn into a
shadow to dodge the attack. Whoa, that's
dope. Okay, honestly, shadow is kind of
tough, man. Maybe I should just keep
this and wait till I hit level 30 to
roll for another slot. Okay, first of
all, to equip your pickaxe, open up the
menu and switch to the equipments
[music] tab. All right. Okay, done. Easy
enough. And now we're going to mine some
pebbles. Oh, this animation is fire,
bro. Everything looks sick. Okay, we got
some rocks over here. And I guess we
just Yep. We just start mining. Ooh. Oh,
the physics of it is nice. You really
feel like you're you're whacking at this
stone hard, man. Boom. What did we just
get there? What is that? Oh, we got a
pebble. Nice. Now we just need six of
them. This is too easy. We finished our
first quest, and now we got to head on
over. Man, this tutorial is long, but it
looks like there's a lot of features in
this game, so we really got to learn
everything at the start. I don't want to
get lost later on. Okay, so we got to
add three ores to the crucible. To do
so, click any ore from the highlighted
area. Just three ores should be more
than enough for now. Don't waste it.
Forge. What are we going to get? Bro,
this animation, the graphics, it looks
way too good. Your goal for the first
miniame is to melt the ores as fast as
possible. Move the pump up and down to
fill the bar. Wait. Oh, here we go. Oh,
there we go. Oh, I'm doing it, guys.
Pump it. Pump it. Carefully pour the
melted ores to the mold. Keep the arrow
within the yellow stone. What? Oh, I
see. Oh, man. They actually make you
play this game for real. This ain't just
some AFK RNG bull crap. This will be the
last one. Let's break the mold. Click
the mold a few times to break it. Okay,
that's easy. Oo, look guys, we just got
a blazing hot machete. Can't wait to
slice through somebody with this. Oh,
what are we doing? Oh, I see. You got to
wait till it hits the green [music] bar.
Oh man, I kind of messed up there. Not
bad for your first weapon. The Falion
knife. Oh, it's got a rough quality. Oh,
it's got the material. Oh man, what?
This game goes crazy, bro. You got stats
for everything. Okay, now I'm supposed
to uh forge another one with no
instructions. Should be easy enough.
Forge. All right, just got to pump. Pump
up and down. I remember this. What are
we going to get from a poop height, bro?
A poop sword. All right, keep this
needle in the yellow bar. Ooh, nice.
Clean. Well done. And you break this.
Ooh, it's a different shaped sword.
Oh, bad. Good. Bad. Oh, bad. No, man.
I'm so bad at this. Come on, dude. It's
okay, guys. We have a lot of time to get
good at this game. All right. Okay. We
got a 33% poop height and 67% sandstone.
A gladius dagger. I can't believe I'm
going to be holding poop as a weapon.
Which one of these looks better, guys?
Oh, this one does way more damage. Okay,
let's get the gladius dagger. It's even
got like the fart symbol. Uh I guess
representing poop. Oh, it does. It deals
poison damage for how bad it stinks. And
now we're going to go sell the other
one. I got $12.23 23 cents for these.
Yeah, deal, buddy. Deal. I'm very broke.
I'll take any money you get. You can
give me. Okay, now we can use that money
to purchase the bronze axe. Wait, how
much money do I have? $162. Yo, I didn't
know I was up like that. What? Okay, can
we now equip the better axe? Yes, the
stone axe. Perfect. And now we should be
able to mine some better things. We're
supposed to be collecting 10 ores and
also killing a zombie. All right. Yo,
this game just leveled up from being
just a regular mining game. What do you
mean? I'm supposed to be killing
zombies, bro. What kind of a game is
this? Okay, I actually do think I see
some zombies right here. Oh, buddy. We
got the Delver zombie here. Slash him
up. Slash him up. Oh, man. Oh, my HP is
kind of low, bro. Well, the zombie is
trying to run away from me. Are you mad?
There is no escape, though, bro. Um,
I think he was supposed to say that line
to me. Oh, there's one right here. Just
a regular old zombie. Oh, diced up, bro.
We're cooking zombie stew for dinner,
boys. All right, now that the zombie
part's out of the way, let's go back to
mining. Here we go, guys. I'm supposed
to be spending like 24 hours in this
game, and I feel like the tutorial is
going to last the entirety of that time.
Okay, the game keeps highlighting which
rock I'm supposed to mine. I wonder what
the difference is. Wait, do we just mine
up a banana inside of a rock? Yeah, this
is uh this banana is definitely not
edible, guys. Oh, we can get armor now.
Sick, dude. All right, let's go ahead
and get two armors. We're going to use
some silver, some tin. I don't really
know. And another tin, maybe. Wait,
what? We need four different types of
material. Okay, forge. Oh, it's the same
process. You just do the exact same
thing. Oh. Oh. Oh. This is going to be a
clean run, boys. Oh, this might be a
perfect run. I kind of slipped up a
little bit at the end there. All right.
Here we go. Here we go. Lock in. Lock
in. I'm ready. Perfect. Perfect.
Perfect. Perfect. I know your tricks
now, game. I know exactly how to play.
Bro, these don't look like armor. They
look like cinder blocks that's just
going to drag me down. These are light
leggings plus three defense. Uh, and
it's worth $43. Hey, man. Yo, we're
we're making it out here. Okay, we need
more armors, guys. I just put a banana
in there. Uh I wonder if I could forge
something out of this. Let's find out.
Oh, clean. Clean. Perfect. Ooh, this
one's made out of banana, guys. It looks
like a loaf of banana bread. That
actually is what it looks like. I'm
getting way too good at this, bro. I'm
already a master at this game. Is that a
bowl? Am I supposed to be eating noodles
out of this? Don't tell me that's a
helmet, bro. That is actually a helmet.
That is adorable. All right, guys. So,
we got hooked up with the axe. We got
hooked up with a weapon. And now we have
some armor. Oh, we could buy the iron
pickaxe now. It has a 10 mine power.
[music] Yes, please give it to me. So,
let's go ahead and get our light
leggings equipped and our banana banana
knight banana knight helmet. What is
that? Oh, look at me, boys. Your boy is
looking tough out here, man. Okay, let's
go. Back to killing more zombies. Forge
anything and uh get some ores. [music]
Back to the cave we go. Come on. What's
up? What's up, little bro? Oh, you you
want to bring your friend to this?
What's up with every single game having
just zombies in it now, man? Dead Rails
started a terrible trend. Or was it from
another game? I don't even know. Yo,
that guy's sword. The elite zombie. I
want it. I want your sword. Give it to
me. Blocked. Blocked.
Blocked.
Come on. Come on. Did he drop his sword?
Does he drop his sword? No, man. Let me
pick that up, bro. Come on. Don't be
such a selfish. Okay, the problem is
guys, there's only boulders out here and
I'm I'm just way too weak to be mining
them. I I need a better axe. I got to
come out here to to mine more rocks,
unfortunately. Okay, does that dude over
there have a flame sword? Ring Goku, is
that you? I thought you was dead, bro.
Welcome back to life, Ring Goku. One in
five chance. Okay, am I going to be able
to get something rare? At what point do
I get to pay to win in this game? I want
to spend some Robux to get better stuff.
Is it only when it comes to rolling for
races? Is that the only time you get to
pay money? because if so, this is
actually a very ethical game. But I
don't believe that's the case. There
just can't be. So, I spent the next
little while mining for the ores and
killing zombies. And I used all of the
ores I got to forge some pretty decent
material. Definitely better than what I
had before. As you can see right here,
I'm rocking the poopite and uh the
silver gauntlet right here. Oh yeah,
bro. Your boy is ready to throw hands,
man. Forget all this sword stuff. All
right, let's go back to Grand Pop Gojo
here. See what we got. Go to the
enhancer. Oh my god, bro. There's more
tutorials to go through. Do you know
that you have to enhance your equipments
before putting some runes? Uh, yes. I'm
here to enhance. Select the equipment
that you would like to enhance. Oh, you
got to go with a poop high hat, bro. How
could I not go with a poop hat? Come on
now. Stat improvement. Everything
increases by 0.5. And here are the
requirements for enhancing. Click the
enhance button. And it cost 3180. That
is pocket change to me. I have thousands
of dollars. Come on. Oh, I could just
keep on enhancing forever. What? Dang,
dude. Wait, can I go? Can I go again?
Oh, I don't have enough material. A
greater essence and large essence. All
right, definitely don't have those. So,
now we go to the rune maker. Everything
is starting to make sense. I think I
know what is happening right here. You
want to mess around with some runes? Uh,
I'm not here to mess around with
anybody. Okay, I'm here for long-term
serious relationships. All right, but
yes, let me craft some runes. Okay,
we're going to select this, select the
rune, the ward patch, and attach. So,
it's going to cost me $141 and it's
going to give me a special trait, right?
Is that what just happened right here?
Yes. The ward patch. What does it do,
though? Reduce incoming physical damage
by 10%. Oo, okay. That's not bad. That's
not bad at all. Thank you. I don't need
any more help at the moment. All right,
I guess we're back to mining. Oh no, we
got to now talk to a wizard. Bro, there
is so much to do, man. This is like
stimulation overload right now. I have
no idea how I'm going to get through
this. Ah, yes. Gandalf, I'm here to
speak to you. Teach me some tricks.
Avatar Kadabra, I can tear open gateways
to distant islands. Use it wisely. Oh,
we finally get the portal that we saw a
little bit earlier. Let's go, baby. Now,
we got to go talk to Gojo again. I got
to go to the forbidden kingdom to meet
Sensei Morrow. All right, so let's go
ahead and pop open the portal. Wait,
complete a quest. End of beginning,
[music] and reach level 10. Oh, I got to
get to level 10 before I can teleport.
Dude, we got to do more grinding, man.
So, I spent the last little while
grinding to level 10 to try to enter the
forbidden kingdom. I even ended up
finishing a couple of quests. [music]
And during that time, I found the shop.
Okay, I was looking for this for a
while. It was here this whole time,
hidden in plain sight. And you know,
we're spending some Robux on this game.
Okay, we're going to get some totems,
some potions, some race, and of course,
a little bit of extra cash. I could use
some money right now. Oh yeah, there we
go, baby. Oh, you also have the faster
forge. Why didn't you guys tell me this
from the beginning? Oh, this is going to
make the game so much easier. Are you
kidding me? Forge from anywhere. Yes,
please. Uh, also sell from anywhere.
Yeah, definitely going to need that.
Paying to win has never been more fun,
guys. We got the double storage. I don't
even My storage is not even maxed, you
know. I think I'll probably need it in
the future just in case. Better forge.
Ooh, increases my quality. I'm just
going to say yes to everything. I don't
even know what supporter does, but we'll
we'll buy it anyway. And with Oh, I am
so rich now, guys. With this money, I
should be able to purchase that axe that
I found in the middle of the map right
here in this cave. Yeah, there's
actually an axe here that's for sale of
the stone wakes pickaxe that does 33
mine power, but but the mine speed is
really slow, but it gives us also a luck
boost. Let me just buy it just to test
it out, man. Ooh, look at this absolute
beast. Oh my god. Okay. What the hell is
this totem? What does this do? You know
what? I have a feeling I'm going to want
to save that for later. Miners potions.
Go ahead and drink that. Um, what kind
of a boost does it give me? 15% faster
mining and 10% extra mining damage. Hell
yeah. Uh, let's do some speed potion.
Let's do some luck potion. Yeah, there
we go, guys. Got some boost on us. Oh,
yeah. This axe is hella slow. Oh, dude.
I'm oneshotting I'm almost one-shotting
these rocks. Okay. Oh, there's another
shiny rock, which means I can now go for
boulders, right? I could start hitting
these boulders. Yes. Yes, please. And
another quest complete. We're almost
level 10, guys. So, after grinding to
level 10, I'm finally making my way over
here into the beautiful Forbidden
Kingdom. Uh, I was joined by Definitely
Not Backstreaks. Oh, man. Back is on
this game right now. And we're in the
same server. Oh no, bro. This day just
couldn't possibly get any worse. All
right, let's go look for Master Gojo.
Gojo sensei. Where are you, sir? Ah,
there he is. Hidden in plain sight. Come
on. Uh, you're not familiar with this
island. I can understand. Lucky for you,
there's someone who's very familiar with
it. Yeah. Backs. That guy has no life.
Captain Rowan and say it was from Sensei
Morrow. Okay, we're going to go to
Captain Rowan. Where the hell is he
supposed to be? Oh, is this like giving
me the direction? Am I supposed to be
following this? Okay, I'm following this
orb right here. Nah, man. There's no way
this is telling me the directions. This
island is massive, bro. Ah, yes. It took
me directly to Captain Rowan. Yo, this
guy looks tough, man. Don't mess with
him. And there's Walter White right over
here. Heisenberg. Okay, I'm ready to
serve you, Captain. Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm
the captain, man. I'm not here to serve
anybody. The undead have been what?
Skeleton rogues. Radar outskirts. Take
out 10 skeleton rogues. Come back when
you're done with your first duty,
soldier. I captain. Okay, let's go. Take
out 10 skeleton rogues. Sounds pretty
easy. They're on the outskirts. Wherever
the hell that is. Oh, ruined the cave.
They must be in here. I will bet
everything they're in here. Where y'all
at? Yep, there's one. Boom. Boom. Pow.
Buddy, I came prepared, man. Don't
underestimate me. Just came just cuz I c
I came from the caves don't mean I can't
throw hands, too. All right.
Okay, we finally defeated the skeleton
rogues. Wait, is this guy serious? I
finished your quest. What do you mean,
what is it? I literally just did
everything you asked me to, idiot. Oh,
there we go.
Now I got to defeat 15 of the The grind
is getting real now. I I'm feeling the
grind, guys. Here's the thing, guys. Um
before I do, I kind of want to get some
better gear, man. Can I forge some
better stuff, guys? I I really need
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Or can I
just straight up buy some weapons? Oh my
god, look at these axes, dude. Look at
them. They're gorgeous. The Myithril
pickaxe cost $67,000.
Bro, the 67 has even made its way over
here. Look at that luck boost and mind
power though, guys. We're going for an
overpowered axe. Okay, what kind of an
Enu video would it be if I just didn't
spend a crap ton of money uh just buying
money? Spending money to make money.
That's how capitalism works. Learn your
lessons. All right, I'm just going to go
ahead and buy three times of $30,000.
Whatever whatever that gets me. Uh maybe
I can buy this right here, the light
bite pickaxe. This seems [music] like
the most expensive one. I actually don't
even have enough. Wait, wait, wait. Let
me go sell something real quick. I could
sell these uh hunks of junk for a little
bit of cash. $437. Easy, bro. All right,
we made enough, guys, to get the light
height pickaxe, 100 mine power, 30% mine
speed, 45% luck boost. Yes, give it to
me. Oh my god, boys. We have officially
leveled up now. I need to do a little
bit of forging. Oh, it's literally right
here. Okay, I need a better weapon, I
think. And I do have some better
material now. Like this it right here.
We got some gold bone knight. Is that
good? Mushroom knight. Maybe. Oh, we're
going to be able to get a katana out of
this. That's fire. Fire. All right,
let's go for the forge. Wait, what the
Are we just skipping the whole process
because I pay for the game pass? Oh,
hell yeah, bro. Oh, this is what I like
to see. Oh, pay to win has never been
more fun. Oh, that is a sick looking
katana. Are you serious? Yeah. Dip that
in the water. Cool [music] it off. These
skeletons are going to stand no chance
against me. Master work, [music] guys.
Master work. And the attack speed is so
fast. Okay, now let's build a little bit
of armor for ourselves. Okay, we're
going to be able to get a chest plate
out of all these material I just threw
in there. That's pretty good. That's
good stuff. Oh, that looks sick. Are Are
you kidding me right now? What are we
talking about? Oh, we're finally making
some ser Oh god. Oh, they're go way too
fast. Oh, chest plates are hard to
build, guys. Don't matter. We got
another yet master work from the master
forger out here. Oo, look at that swag.
That's drip. See 100% master work. Plus
eight defense. All right, boys. Look at
how dripped. Wait, wait, wait, wait a
second. Yep. Yep. Look at how dripped
out your boy is now. Oh my god. I'm
literally going to be unstoppable after
this. We're going to kill all those
skeletons and we're going to be mining a
bunch of dope stuff. As a matter of
fact, forget the skeletons for now,
okay? I want to test out this light
pickaxe that I just spent so much money
for the basalt rock. 250 HP. Oh, buddy.
Three tabbed. Three tabbed. Dude, we got
a a 1,333
eye. What is this thing right here? The
eye ore. Four times multiplier
legendary. A strange ore with a blinking
core bars. Okay. Yo, I didn't know the
devs were rappers out here that follows
movement in the dark. Jeez. Okay, man.
Oh, we're getting more cool stuff. Lapis
Lazuli. All right. Okay. Now you're just
Now you're toying with me. Ain't no way
y'all named this thing Lapis Lazuli,
dude. Okay. Titanium and cobalt. Guys,
we're going to be crafting so much
cooler stuff.
Guys, I forged a pair of these new
gauntlets a little bit earlier uh with
all the material I found and just easily
completed this quest. Bro, it was so
much easier. I thought the weapon I had
was good, but not until I found out
about these. What are they called again?
The quartz, baby. The quartz. The quartz
iron hands. So tough. Okay, please don't
tell me to kill more skeletons, dude. Oh
my god. He This guy's asking for too
much, man. You're doing way too much,
bro. You're doing way too much with
that. Now this guy's asking me to kill
zombies. Oh god, dude. Dude, dude. Hey,
what's this simple lantern? Oh, you can
just buy a lantern here. Yes, please.
So, is this going to light up the place
uh everywhere I go? Oh, sick, dude.
Okay, well, at least these quests stack,
which is good. We got uh what appears to
be a lot of grinding ahead of us, guys.
We better get to it,
guys. We're doing some crazy forging
with the material that we've just
collected. [music] Guys, I'm finally
getting a helmet instead of a poop hat.
Although, that poop ability is pretty
good. I will say that, though. But this
night helmet definitely looks a lot
cooler, guys. Come on now. Let's be
real. Okay, let's check out all of the
equipment we just crafted here and uh
put on the best stuff that we got. So,
obviously the lez lazuli, whatever that
is. Um, and we also crafted this bow
knight here that gives insane uh damage,
guys. Look at how big it is. Oh. Oh, the
swing is real slow, though. My goodness.
Okay, let's go ahead and sell everything
else we have in our inventory. won't be
needing any of these anymore, I don't
think. And uh let's get back to the
grind. Man, I have a feeling we're going
to be killing a lot more zombies [music]
a lot faster. Okay, let's test out our
new weapon on this level one skeleton
rogue here. Oh yeah, two shot. Boom.
Done. Oh, I don't like this weapon
though. I don't like that slow attack
rate. Oh, there's that little bomber
thing.
Oh, is it going to blow?
Oh god. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, that is
so annoying. All right, let's get back
to mining and killing some NPCs, guys.
Yo, we have been grinding out here for
hours, man. I'm not even kidding. Mainly
looking for this death eye ore, guys.
But for some reason, it just does not
want to spawn on me anymore. And I used
the ones that I already had on crafting
stuff, which is super unfortunate. And
it looks like my stash is full. So, um,
you know what? Why don't we go ahead and
go craft some more stuff? Okay. All
right. I have some good stuff. And I
wonder if I could craft a even better
weapon. Here we go. Let's use all of our
coupes over here with some emeralds. But
by using this, I'm actually losing out
on crafting good armor. So, I don't know
if this is a good idea or not. Ah,
whatever. We'll give it a try. Oh, I do
not want the great axe, guys. I do not
want that. As a matter of fact, do I
want the great sword? I might want a
great sword. I don't know what that is,
but let's go for it.
Oh, this thing looks sick, bro. This
thing is massive. Boom. Oh, man. Oh,
these beads are hard to hit, though. Oo,
look at this thing. Would you guys take
[music] a look at that? Oh, why is it
pink? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. What is a zesty looking
sword, man? 47.8
damage and it has a 1 second attack
rate. Oh, that's actually not even that
good, man. Can I get some more armor in
in this? Okay, heavy helmet or heavy
leggings? Let's go. Hook me up with some
good stuff.
Ooh, this thing is white. Knight helmet.
37 defense. Ooh, that's pretty good. All
right, let's get some more stuff cooking
in here, man. Oh, wait. We could get a
heavy chest play out of this, guys. Let
me just throw in some more stuff. I
mean, we might as well at this point. We
Our entire inventory is full, so I'm
dumping so much stuff in here. I wonder
if it's even going to be worth it. Oh,
okay. This is definitely worth it. Look
at this beast. This thing is scaly, bro.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Are these
leggings? Oh, they're leggings. They're
not even chest plates. 31 defense. I'll
take it, man. I'll take anything. I can
get. Uh, let's take a look here. What
What can we put on? Our beautiful uh
night helmet, our cobalt leggings, and
uh I guess this one here, the bonite
chest plate. I could safely say your boy
is not looking too drippy at the moment.
All right, but hopefully that will
change very soon. Okay, let's sell
everything, too. Get rid of our
inventory. Ooh, we are rich now, boys.
We just made $4,000. Okay, we got to get
this eye ore. All right, then we'll
finally complete the third tier of this
quest. I remember earlier though, I just
got it from these basic basult rocks.
So, it must be in here somewhere. I just
got to keep on grinding, guys. As you
just saw right there, I have been
grinding for literally ever. And finally
got this eye ore. Um, I hope it's in my
inventory. I hope my eyes don't deceive
me. You know what I'm saying? Quick pun
right there. Um, now we got to go and
find a Rowan. Yes, quest complete. Oh my
god, we're level 25. Dude, dude, you
cannot be serious, man. There is more to
do. How is this quest so long? Okay, so
I can't even kill regular skeleton
rogues anymore. Um, I have to start just
killing the axe skeletons. I'm not a fan
of these big weapons because of their
their fire rate is so slow. I don't
know, man. Makes it makes it harder for
me to dodge their attacks. Let's see if
I can't forge myself some better weapons
over here, man. I I I'm not a big fan of
the sword that I got right now. So, uh,
let's take a look. We got some
couprites. We got some emeralds. That
should be good stuff. Oh, I can get
gauntlet with this or a straight sword.
Um, what else? What else can we put in
here? Sapphire, amethyst, maybe. What
does that give me? Oh, katana. Okay,
katana definitely sounds a lot cooler,
guys. Let's see if we can't get
ourselves a katana. Oh, that looks like
it could be a katana. Oh, yes. That's
beautiful. Oh, isn't she gorgeous? Look
at that attack rate. That is so much
better. Although the damage is not too
high, but I think we'll be all right.
Gonna go ahead and uh enhance this sword
a little bit too. Try to get a uh some
more damage out in this. Oh, it's
getting difficult. Do I have all the
material I need? Oh, insufficient
material. Okay. All right. Now, let's
see if we can add a rune to this. We got
the blast ship or the flame spark. Deals
5% of weapon damage as fire per second
for 2 seconds. Woo. And what is this?
Cause an explosion at location of
victim, dealing 39% of weapon damage as
AoE damage. H I might go with the blast
chip, guys. Let's go ahead and attach
that real quick. Wait, I think I could
do two runes, right? Ah, no. I can only
do one. That's too bad. Now, our sword
is insanely overpowered. Okay, let's go
and see if we can't kill these guys a
lot faster. Oh, I see one over here. Oh,
boom. Blocked.
Oh, three sliced.
Oh, yeah. Oh, the counter. They're not
ready for this, boys. They are not
ready. Where these fools at, man? Oh,
there's a big boy. Boom. Block. Oh, this
guy. This guy attacks multiple times. Oh
crap. Where did all my energy go, man?
What is going on? Hold on. Let me get
all my boosts up. Here we go. Got to get
one at a time, though. One at a time. I
can't be fighting all of them.
Oh my god. Dude. DUDE, THEY'RE TEAMING.
OH, THIS is so difficult, guys. This is
actually impossible. Yo, if they weren't
out here teaming and stuff, I would
easily be destroying them. Man, my block
doesn't really It's not really effective
against this death axe skeleton, though,
man. I'm still taking damage even though
I'm blocking. This is This is rough,
guys. Block, block, counter, counter.
Oh, get lit on fire, stupid. Oh, you're
so dumb. Oh, let's go, baby. Guys, we
just finished the quest and we leveled
up to 27. Yo, we still have to kill so
many death axe skeletons and the regular
axe skeletons. Why do we have to kill
more death axe skeletons than actual axe
skeletons? It's going to be some serious
grinding from now on, boys. We ain't in
a kitty tier no more, man. This is the
elite leagues. This dude actually
stunned me. Oh, NO. NO. NO. I GOT
STUNNED, BRO. MAN, this game is rough.
They don't play around out here. So, I
have been grinding over here at the axe
skeletons and the death axe skeletons.
But my question is, where the hell are
these elites? Where do I even go to find
them? I I feel like this is the entire
map right here. I can't go anywhere
else. I am so lost at the moment, guys.
Oh man, blocking these shots really
kills my stamina, dude. Oh, I'm dead.
I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead.
Oh, psych clutched up, boys. Yep, guys.
I think I am completely lost, man. I I
don't know how to go deeper into these
caves other than where I am right now. I
I've been exploring for the last little
while. Still haven't figured it out yet.
Uh, so what I think I'm going to do
instead is go back to the forge area and
craft some more things just to kill a
little bit more time. You know, unless
like I'm supposed to be talking to one
of these guys that could take me
further. I don't really get it, but
maybe I'm just dumb. I did gather some
more rare material though, so hopefully
uh we can forge some decent stuff. All
right, here we go. Look, I got two eye
ores. What can I get with two eye ores?
Absolutely nothing. That's what I could
get. All right, I got some couprights.
Got a ruby. And what else should we
throw in there? Uh maybe our amethysts.
Is this rare? Probably. Maybe. Oh, we're
going to get a gauntlet out of this.
Okay. Yeah, let's give it a try. Why
not? Oh, it's another katana. Oh, man. I
think I just got the same sword, bro.
But with the eye or hopefully it's
better or worse. I don't really know how
that works. This game is way too
intricate. I mean, I I haven't figured
out like 1% of of the game yet. Okay.
All right. Oh, this one deals a little
bit more damage, but it's not like that
much better, guys. I mean, your boy is
looking pretty decent now. Definitely a
lot better than I was before. And also,
that reminds me, once I hit level 30,
aren't I also able to get another race
slot? Wait, I could just straight up buy
another one. Oh, you should have told me
from the beginning, man. We have 18
rerolls.
Wait, how do you get shadow twice? That
doesn't even make sense. So many shadow,
bro. Give me an angel or demon, please.
Dragon born. I got dragon born. Plus 20%
max HP, a plus 10% height. Wait, I just
grew taller. Plus 12% physical damage,
and 40 chance% chance to burn enemy and
deal 30% of weapon damage per second for
3 seconds. Yo, I'm a shadow and dragon
born now. But wait, what if we get slot
number three? Cuz we have a couple of
more spins left, guys. We might finally
become unstoppable. Ew. No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no. I'm not going to be a
dwarf. Get out of here. Yes. Every
successful game needs an aspect of
gambling, right? I don't think any of us
is surprised here. Elf.
What? Give me another legendary race if
you're not going to give me a mythical.
At least a legendary one. Come on.
Undead. Ew. No. No. No. No. No. Ain't no
way, bro. You're not going to turn me
into a skeleton right now. Wait. Wait. I
just realized something, guys. I think
you can only equip one of the races at a
time. They're not actually stacking on
top of each other. Oh, man. All right.
You know what? Then we'll just go with
the dragon born race. Oh, your boy's got
some horns now. Looking pretty sick, if
I could say so myself. All right, let's
go ahead and test out our new found
dragon born powers.
That's a Skyrim reference for any of you
who played Skyrim. Probably probably
not. That game is old just like me. All
right, where is everybody? There's one.
Let's claim our first victim. Let's
light them on fire, bro. With our sword
that lights him on fire and the dragon
born ability. These guys are cooked,
bro. These guys are absolutely chefed up
on a silver platter. Oh my god, this is
too easy now. But yeah, guys, I am
completely lost as to where to go. Like,
I've been running around in circles
across these same areas for the last
day. Literal day, man. I don't know what
I'm doing. Oh. Oh, I take I take two
skeletons on at the same time. What's
up? Nobody can stand against me now. I'm
absolutely dominating them, bro. This is
too easy. Oh, no. I'm out of I'm out of
blocks. Oh, I'm out of blocks. Come on.
Come on. Get him. Yeah, [groaning]
I'm unstoppable.
Um, just kidding. Maybe, maybe not yet,
guys. Even with all these gear, even
with overpowered race and pay to- win
axe, I mean, I still am nowhere near
being good at this game yet. Um, I think
we're just going to end it off right
here, though, because I got a flight to
catch. But I am definitely looking
forward to playing this game more. So,
if you guys enjoy this video and want to
see more Forge videos in the future, be
sure to let me know in the comments
below. Like the video and subscribe, and
I'll see you in the next one. Peace.